#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via cloud-sql-python-connector
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   langchain-community
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.64.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
beanie==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via yfinance
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   curl-cffi
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   beanie
    #   uvicorn
cloud-sql-python-connector==1.18.4
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   python-jose
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via weasyprint
curl-cffi==0.13.0
    # via yfinance
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
fonttools[woff]==4.59.2
    # via weasyprint
fredapi==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via yfinance
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   tavily-python
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.19
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.31
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.3
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.15
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lazy-model==0.3.0
    # via beanie
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
motor==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multitasking==0.0.12
    # via yfinance
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
openai==1.101.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.2
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   fredapi
    #   yfinance
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
peewee==3.18.2
    # via yfinance
pillow==11.3.0
    # via weasyprint
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via yfinance
playwright==1.54.0
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   yfinance
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   beanie
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   lazy-model
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pydyf==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pymongo==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beanie
    #   motor
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via aiomysql
pypdf==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyphen==0.17.2
    # via weasyprint
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-jose[cryptography]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
redis==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2025.7.34
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
    #   yfinance
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi
tavily-python==0.7.11
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   tavily-python
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tinyhtml5==2.0.0
    # via weasyprint
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   beanie
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
weasyprint==66.0
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
    #   tinyhtml5
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   yfinance
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
yfinance==0.2.65
    # via -r requirements.in
zopfli==0.2.3.post1
    # via fonttools
zstandard==0.24.0
    # via langsmith
